You're crazy, you can't even get down on your knees.
You don't want to hurt Qin Xiao enough.
In theory, he shouldn't be so impulsive.
Why do you want to save money?
Even if he was wrong first.
Those are the same people who were clearly bullying him.
I want to shame him.
Qin Xiao is the one I carry
I take orders from the 95 deity.
Who can stand me on my knees
Prince Bai is the chairman of the Imperial Corporation.
He is the sole heir of the White City Imperial Corporation, and his wealth is too rich for the enemy.
In the Dragon Kingdom, there are more than 10,000 people.
You said White Prince can't stand you on one knee
The good white prince who saw you sitting on the dragon seat trembled.
Your trash quickly rolls down from the dragon seat
You said he's trash.
Prince Fei Bai is this piece of trash called Qin Xiao
He didn't just make a fuss about celebrating.
I dare to sit in this cage.
What a mortal sinner.
There is Tran Tinh Ngoc.
Cursing is the opposite.
Strongly invite this trash to the auditorium
How should these adults handle it?
Good job.
What does White mean?
You told him to play the role of Emperor Wu.
As my brother Bai, you can see that he admitted to that trash like Qin Xiao that led him to No. 1.
This is an insult to the Great Emperor.
Trash like him.
Even the prince who serves the Martial Emperor doesn't deserve it.
Yo, this ain't no shit.
Have I talked to you?